README.md, before:

<p align=center><img width="480" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fromaline/emblematic/master/images/emblematic-logo.svg" alt="Emblematic Logo"></p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fromaline/emblematic/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/emblematic-svelte" alt="license"></a>
</p>

# Emblematic

Emblematic is a collection of blockchain icons we use on [Chainspect](https://chainspect.app/).

## Table of Contents

- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Svelte](#svelte)
- [Icons](#icons)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)

### Svelte

Implementation of the Emblematic icon library for Svelte applications.

```sh
npm install emblematic-svelte
```

or

```sh
yarn add emblematic-svelte
```

or

```sh
pnpm add emblematic-svelte
```

### Icons

- Algorand
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche
- Base
- Bitcoin
- BnbChain
- BnbGreenfield
- Cel
- Cronos
- Crust
- Ethereum
- Fantom
- Gnosis
- Hedera
- Integitee
- Iotex
- Klaytn
- Moonbeam
- Opbnb
- Optimism
- Polkadex
- Polkadot
- Polygon
- Scroll
- Sirius
- Solana
- Starknet
- Telos
- Tron
- Wanchain
- Zeitgeist

## Inspiration

The project is **heavily** inspired by [the Lucide icon pack](https://lucide.dev/).

Commit message:

add emblematic-vue3 library for Vue 3 apps

README.md, after:

<p align=center><img width="480" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fromaline/emblematic/master/images/emblematic-logo.svg" alt="Emblematic Logo"></p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fromaline/emblematic/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/emblematic-svelte" alt="license"></a>
</p>

# Emblematic

Emblematic is a collection of blockchain icons we use on [Chainspect](https://chainspect.app/).

## Table of Contents

- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Svelte](#svelte)
  - [Vue 3](#vue-3)
- [Icons](#icons)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)

### Vue 3

Implementation of the Emblematic icon library for Vue 3 applications.

```sh
npm install emblematic-vue3
```

or

```sh
yarn add emblematic-vue3
```

or

```sh
pnpm add emblematic-vue3
```

### Svelte

Implementation of the Emblematic icon library for Svelte applications.

```sh
npm install emblematic-svelte
```

or

```sh
yarn add emblematic-svelte
```

or

```sh
pnpm add emblematic-svelte
```

### Icons

- Algorand
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche
- Base
- Bitcoin
- BnbChain
- BnbGreenfield
- Cel
- Cronos
- Crust
- Ethereum
- Fantom
- Gnosis
- Hedera
- Integitee
- Iotex
- Klaytn
- Moonbeam
- Opbnb
- Optimism
- Polkadex
- Polkadot
- Polygon
- Scroll
- Sirius
- Solana
- Starknet
- Telos
- Tron
- Wanchain
- Zeitgeist

## Inspiration

The project is **heavily** inspired by [the Lucide icon pack](https://lucide.dev/).
